[TF-37922] Support updating tfe_registry_module VCS connection in place (#2124)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/r/registry_module.html.markdown

The `vcs_repo` block supports:

* `display_identifier` - (Optional, Computed) The display identifier for your VCS repository.
  For most VCS providers outside of BitBucket Cloud and Azure DevOps, this will match the `identifier`

>   string. Atlas recomputes this server-side for OAuth connections; it is read back from the API and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  string. HCP Terraform recomputes this server-side for OAuth connections; it is read back from the API and
```
